add warning on asset/list about api key (#17)
chainpatrol/docs: external-api/asset-list.mdx

title: Asset List
openapi: "POST /asset/list"
---

<Warning>

>   The asset/list API will soon require an API Key, where as previosly this API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `/asset/list` API will soon require an API Key, whereas previously this API
```
